(light music)
Is it really okay?
Yeah.
This way, we can fight together forever.
It's very hard to live forever.
But...
(groans, screams)
(Strength panting)
This headache is killing me.
("ASEED" by ZAQ playing)
(woman gasps)
(woman screams)
(men whimper)
(gulping)
Bartender, another one.
(soft grunt)
Don't be skimpy. Give me the bottle.
-(gulping)
-Hey, you.
You're scaring the other customers.
-Isn't it time to go home--
-(grunts)
(exhales heavily)
-(retreating footsteps)
-Huh?
(retches)
Not in front of my bar!
(Strength retching)
(breathing heavily)
Crap! Now, I'm really drowning
in my own vomit.
Please help...
The fortified city was attacked...
This spot is occupied. Go away.
(groaning)
You.
Huh?
Are you Strength?
You're that kid from the other day.
I can still kill you.
(groans)
Please. I need Empress right away.
(gasps angrily)
Don't say that name. It drives me crazy.
(grunting)
There's no time. My sister has been
abducted by the Educational Institution.
Get off me, you brat. Don't touch me.
(weapons firing)
Uh!
(whirring)
(grunts)
You're a pawn
of the Institution, aren't you?
No, but they took my sister and...
(grunts)
Yikes!
(gasps)
Definitely a Hemiteos Unit.
Dispose of her.
You'll be the ones getting killed.
(Norito grunting, yelps)
(yells)
(gunshots)
Is that all you got?
(grunts)
(explosion)
(gasps)
(gunshots)
(yells)
Take this!
Arche? Darn it!
(squelching)
(grunts)
(thrilling music)
(sobbing)
No more violence.
(engine roars)
(groans)
(tires screeching)
(sobs)
(gunshots)
(grunts)
After them.
(engines zooming)
(zaps, blasts)
(thuds)
(crackling)
(light music)
(tense music)
(groaning)
(gunshots)
-(grunting)
-(squishing)
Empress, all enemy drone response
has vanished.
This fight is over.
Yes.
This base is now under control.
The Institution's indiscriminate airstrike
left no survivors.
All of their soldiers
and abductees are dead.
EMPRESS: I couldn't save them, again.
Colonel, where's Charlotte?
She escaped out of our range of pursuit.
She's too fast.
I've been salvaging information
from the database left on the train.
I have good news and bad news.
Which do you want to hear?
Good news.
All right, then.
Since the GPS is unusable,
transport trains are controlled by
old-fashioned service planning diagrams...
Cut the crap. What did you find out?
I found the point where the train line
meets the rails from the Institution.
So if we follow the train line...
The head of the Educational Institution,
Smiley, will be there.
(gasps)
(breathes heavily)
(clinks)
Uh...
(somber music)
What's the bad news?
Oh, about that.
I found something that kind of
makes things worse.
Miya.
How about Norito?
They only sacrifice girls,
so maybe they already...
EMPRESS: Let's go.
If we stop now,
those who we should be able
to save will die.
(engine starts)
(zooms)
Uh...
Hey, wait for me!
(grunting)
You forgot about me! Hey, you guys!
Let me go with you!
(buzzing)
They're everywhere.
(Strength whimpers)
Is it just a matter of time
until they find us?
Don't give up yet.
Let's find another route.
Okay.
Huh?
You know what?
What?
I just thought that
you seemed so different.
When you had your Gigantic Arm,
you seemed so strong.
I'm weird without it.
No, I mean...
Well, you're so tiny and cute.
-(whimpers)
-Uh...
-(sobbing)
-Hey!
(gasps, grunts)
(somber music)
(panting)
(yelps)
(whimpers)
-(cracks)
-(shrieks)
(whines)
(grunting)
(both grunting)
That was close.
Let's go now.
They'll find us if we stay here.
I know, but where can we go?
Take me to where Empress is.
Empress?
(gasps)
NORITO: Is it too hard?
STRENGTH: Oh, well, I...
I guess it's not easy being
a powerful Hemiteos Unit.
It's not that. To me, Empress is special.
Because of her, I...
(sobs)
I can't remember.
Why? Why did you disappear, Empress?
You really don't know where she is?
I don't know. I can't remember anything.
Oh, hey!
What?
Maybe we should rest a little.
You look like you're in pain.
They're looking for us. We should flee.
(grunts)
Huh?
(both breathing sharply)
Fool. You still don't get it?
That kid double-crossed you.
What?
(gasps)
Why?
They said I'd get my sister back
if I obeyed.
She's a mighty fighting machine
that survived the war,
so don't spare the ammo.
(breathing nervously)
(weapons clicking)
(whimpering)
(yells)
Run! It's all my fault!
But spare Miya, my sister.
You little...
(groans)
(weapons click)
(grunting)
(clangs)
(rumbling)
(all screaming)
(gasps)
Crushed by rocks from this height.
That must be fatal even for her.
(gasps)
Take him.
(Norito grunts)
Bastards! Let me go!
NORITO: Miya!
(calm music)
(Strength sobbing)
It's awful. Just like I thought.
I hate humans!
They betray easily and break down easily.
They are crap. Humans are crap.
But they're probably going to kill him.
And his sister, too.
Ignore them. Even after saving them,
they end up getting killed, like always.
Hemiteos Units are immortal.
Humans are not.
Humans are too fragile.
So many die in wars. It seems endless.
That's why I hate humans now?
But my headache still won't go away!
(thuds)
(sobbing)
Did you know it would be like this
from the beginning, Empress?
EMPRESS: It's very hard to live forever.
But...
Then why are you fighting again?
Why are you trying to protect humans?
Tell me why.
(uplifting music)
Black Rock Shooter!
(weapon fires)
Answer me.
(squelching)
All he could do is snitch,
and he's not worth educating.
We're disposing of him.
CHARLOTTE: That's fine.
Useless men are food for the Iron Ocean.
Agreed.
(groaning)
(crashes)
(tires screeching)
(gunshots)
Strength...
(groaning)
(Norito coughs)
I can do this! I know I can! Let's go!
-(zaps)
-(both gasp)
(engine rumbles)
-(gunshots)
-(tires screeching)
-Hm?
-(weapon firing)
(suspenseful music)
My goodness. Strength has such good luck.
Your voice has reached us.
Empress' energy.
(action music)
(clanking)
I'm alive again!
It's time for a major payback.
Let the Arche swallow her whole.
You think I'd fall
for the same trick twice?
(sloshing)
I clobber!
I grab!
(groans)
I tear apart and destroy!
(blasting)
That's the stuff. Hurray for violence!
(calm music)
I hope next time you can be reborn
in a better world.
We're attacking
the Institution's headquarters.
I want you to come, too.
STRENGTH: No way I'm going with you.
All right.
Norito.
What's this?
It's the point where the train line
meets the rails from the Institution.
Your sister Miya was taken there.
(gasps)
Whatever. You do you.
Your excessive charity is sickening.
Strength.
Okay. You can do whatever you want.
I have a feeling I'll be able
to fight next to you again.
(zooming)
Crap. I would've been dead without you.
I'll repay you for this.
My headache's gone.
I won't need this anymore.
Sorry I betrayed you.
Do you know what you're facing?
(whimpering)
You just concentrate
on rescuing your sister.
(Norito gasps)
We're going to crush the Institution.
Right!
(engine starts)
EMPRESS: It's very hard to live forever.
But...
if we do, we can keep meeting
our precious friends.
(gasps)
Please be safe, Miya.
Hmm...
(ominous music)
("Before the Nightmare"
by Kanako Takatsuki playing)